Graphical image-well construction becomes difficult when variations in
In the two field cases, early- and late-time slopes support
Image-well theory converts a linear bounded aquifer into an
An optimized breakpoint separating early-time and late-time drawdown
One fitted linear regression for each separated drawdown segment.
Slope-ratio metric for identifying boundary type.
One optimal bandwidth for each boundary-type dataset.
Gaussian-like prior probability profiles centered near slope ratios
Three unnormalized boundary-class probabilities.
Three posterior boundary probabilities whose sum equals one.
One inferred hydrogeological boundary class for each drawdown record.
Impervious-boundary image configuration with equal pumping rate.
Optimal image-well location and aquifer parameters.
Linear boundary location and orientation angle theta.
Recommendation of at least three observation wells for reliable
The workflow identified the documented boundary type and jointly